right the reassuring presence of the
pachyderms the zebras remain on the
alert for predators this steep hadn't
the ideal spot for a nap
the matriarch has picked up on a
suspicious odor
[Music]
[Applause]
in the ensuing panic a zebras read it
from the herd
he takes refuge in the water
but the lion not hesitate to join him
there
the battle seems hopeless
yes while his life hangs by a thread
however slender it might be the zebra
will fight til his dying breath
what happens next is unprecedented
seen for the record books a zebra trying
to drown a lioness the wounds and did on
the young stallion superficial he should
survive
the lioness on the other end has been
dealt a more serious blow